Previously on The Fosters...
We are not friends. We are colleagues.
Having the BRCA 1 gene
increases my chances of
getting breast cancer.
- You must be new here.
- Hey, I'm Nick.
That's gotta be your dad!
That guy said I was
supposed to help you.
I don't want you in my musical,
but you were hands down the best Juliet.
Did you talk to anyone about
me? 'Cause I just got taken away
from my foster family and
put in a group home.
That your brother's wetsuit?
Do you make fun of all of your students?
Just the most promising ones.
I'm sorry I left without saying goodbye.
But we've been IMing.
I don't know who you've been
talking to, but it's not me.
- We're leaving.
- I can't run anymore.
AJ, we're gonna have
to take you in for running away.
Um, my name is Callie Jac...
uh, Adams Foster.
Sorry. I just got
adopted so I changed my name.
Uh, I'm here to see AJ Hensdale.
Anthony Joseph Hensdale.
You're not on his list.
I called and spoke to someone.
I see your request, but
you're not on here.
So what does that mean?
He doesn't want to see you.
We're doing what we call
a skin sparing mastectomy.
We remove the nipple and the areola,
and we take the breast
tissue out through here,
leaving the skin to form an envelope
that will help create the
reconstructed breast.
We'll then insert tissue expanders
underneath the
muscles of your chest wall.
All right, now once you heal,
your plastic surgeon will begin
filling them with saline
over the course of six to eight weeks.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Any questions?
Mrs. Adams Foster?
Nope.
Synced and corrected by VitoSilans
- www.addic7ed.com -
How'd it go?
Fine. It went fine.
And when are you gonna...
Um, next week hopefully.
I think we should tell the kids.
Uh, no. I think we should just wait
till they schedule the surgery.
You know, less time for them
to wait and worry, the better.
- So...
- Mama.
Are you having an affair with
the principal of our school?
Is that why you're having all
of these private conversations
behind closed doors and whispering
and why Grandma won't leave?
No, I am not having
an affair with Monte.
Where did... where did you hear this?
It's all over Twitter.
Twitter?
- Who... who did this?
- Who knows?
But everyone's retweeting it.
- It is kind of funny.
- Mom.
No, it's not funny or true.
Just ignore it, okay?
- It's gonna go away. Trust me.
- She's right.
Otherwise, it'll look
like she doth protest too much.
One thing I can do is start
a Twitter campaign
to ♪stopmakingupliesaboutmymom. ♪
Or...
you know, something better than that.
I'm sorry.
- No.
- I'm sorry.
Hey, Cal?
Callie?
Did you...
did you get a chance to see AJ?
No, he doesn't want
to see me thanks to you.
Okay, Cal. Listen...
I told you where AJ was
because I thought I was talking
to my mother, not a cop.
Obviously, there's no difference.
Please watch your tone.
I'm sorry if you don't like
my tone, but I lost a friend
because you weren't honest with me.
Callie.
It's fine. Let her have her feelings.
Apparently AJ is
refusing to see Mike too.
What's gonna happen to him?
Well, he may end up in youth
authority if he's not careful.
I'm...
All right, I'm gonna go change.
Well, I believe you have a...
call to return,
so I'll give you some privacy.
All right, so we're gonna
build a wall over here.
Just get me... five two-by-fours
and pick the straightest ones.
Okay.
Where'd you learn to do all this stuff?
On site, same as you.
- Oh.
- You're gonna place those
16 inches apart on the ground.
We're gonna build a wall on the ground?
That's easier. You'll see.
Did you... you grow up around here?
Near here.
Where'd you go to high school?
Jefferson for a while.
What year did you graduate?
I didn't.
- That's cool.
- Now you think
dropping out of high school is cool?
Uh, no. No.
I just... I mean... No, I just...
You got a big family?
Look, you ever use one of these?
No.
This one time, I
wasn't paying attention,
gun bounced off a
stud, hit me in the head.
I got 15 stitches.
So I should stop asking you questions?
Personal ones.
If you wanna learn something, you ask.
All right? You want to chit chat,
work with one of the other guys.
Yeah, okay. I mean, I
want to work with you.
All right, man.
Go grab me some more boards.
Ah!
Great. Thanks.
- Your usual?
- Sure.
Love that last song. What's it from?
H, you know, the Brandon
Foster roken Heart Collection.
I wrote it for that
girl that I told you about.
Ah.
Thanks.
Hey, what'd they... what'd
they call this again?
A Shirley Temple.
Is that, like, a person or...
Wait, you don't know who
- Shirley Temple is?
- No.
She's, like, the most
famous child star of all time.
She sang Animal Crackers in My Soup.
Right. So, you're saying this is,
like, a little girl's drink.
You know, I think it takes
a real man to order a Shirley Temple.
Why does this suddenly feel
like surfing all over again?
I think you just like making
fun of me. Really.
Uh...
don't forget you
have inventory tomorrow.
Yeah. All over it.
Aren't we closed tomorrow?
Yeah. He won't let me do inventory
during business hours,
so I get to come in alone with
the ghosts of the early bird special.
Wait, is this... You think
this place is haunted?
Oh, yeah. I know it is.
Well, I'd love to see a ghost.
- Can I help?
- Seriously?
You don't have better things to do?
Other things to do, but not better.
It's so professional.
It is.
We're averaging over
10,000 users a week.
Just wait till we launch the phone app.
Oh, um, actually,
I've been getting some emails from kids
saying that they have
been having some trouble
uploading their content or when
they do sometimes, it disappears.
Well, I'll talk to our moderators.
It might be that the
content was inappropriate.
- Uh, we have moderators?
- Of course.
Okay, it's just the whole
point of Fost and Found is so that
kids have a place to
tell their stories uncensored.
Moderation isn't censorship.
It's a way to keep it a safe place
for kids to speak up and
not be bullied or shamed.
For example, someone recently made
an ugly accusation about you
and we took it down.
What'd they say?
That you had sex with
your Foster brother.
Which of course is not true, but that's
the sort of thing I'm talking about.
We don't want people trying
to tear you down with lies, do we?
No.
You know, or misrepresenting themselves.
Like whoever's
pretending to be your friend, AJ.
Look, I hope you don't mind.
But I had my programmers
track their IP address,
and it belongs to someone you know.
Who?
Your brother, Jude.
Hey.
What are you doing?
Checking my email.
On Jude's computer?
He said I could use it.
Did he say you could
use it to catfish me?
I...
I don't... I don't...
I don't know what you're talking about.
We traced everything
back to Jude's computer
and I know it wasn't my brother.
It was you, wasn't it?
I'm... I'm sorry. I...
I... I... I didn't mean...
To pretend to be somebody else?
- Was it an accident?
- No, it's just...
you... you posted those pictures
and... and you
looked really pretty, so...
so I was just saying you
looked super, Callie,
like the drawing on your wall...
But you let me sit in a
coffee shop waiting for AJ.
Yeah, I know!
I was there.
You were there, so
are... are you stalking me?
No, I was just gonna come
by to tell you that it was...
that it was me, and... and
you were talking to this guy
and then you came outside and took off.
Okay, Mom. I will.
Please don't tell Jude.
He won't be my friend.
Hey.
Are you going?
- Yeah.
- Wait, you're bleeding.
Oh, it's... it's okay.
Let me see.
What happened to you?
I... I fell.
You didn't get those
bruises from falling.
- Did you get beat up?
- Who did this to you?
Some of the older
boys in the group home.
Do your supervisors know about this?
They don't care.
Well, you're not going back there.
Our mom's a cop. She can help you.
No, no. Please, please.
If they can't find another place,
they're gonna put me in juvie.
It's... it's okay. It was my fault.
If I... if I just keep my mouth
shut, I'll... I'll be fine.
I... I gotta go.
Jude, he's right.
He can end up in juvie.
Mom wouldn't let that happen.
AJ is in juvie right now because of her,
so we don't know what she'll do.
Everybody up and out?
Ugh, it's like herding cats.
You're not going to work today?
No. I have a couple of
things I'd like to get done before...
I'm out of commission.
Everything's gonna be fine, you know.
I know, I know.
- It's fine.
- Mm-hmm. Yes.
But just in case something
does happen, Ma,
I'd like to give you
my power of attorney,
if that's all right with you.
Well...
first of all, nothing's gonna go wrong.
I know, I know, but I mean, it's
just... got to be prepared, Mom.
Why aren't you asking your wife?
- Are you... are you having problems?
- No.
- No?
- Is she having an affair?
- No.
- Mother, we're fine.
- Are you sure?
Why are you asking this?
I'm just saying,
since I've been here, I...
I haven't seen much
affection between the two of you.
Just because you're in lust
with Will right now, Mother,
doesn't mean everyone else is, you know.
Well, just make sure that you
have sex before the surgery.
Mother.
- Oh, my...
- What? It's important.
I know how you get when you're...
you're scared and overwhelmed.
You just want to batten hatches
and weather the storm alone.
Don't...
don't make that a
self-fulfilling prophecy.
Whoa, so your dad's alive, dude?
Birth dad.
So you're gonna tell him who you are.
Uh, I don't think so.
Why not? Is he cool?
I mean, he's pretty cool.
So then man up and tell him.
- You man up.
- What the...
- Oh!
- Ow!
Sorry. He... he pushed me.
God, what is your problem?
You act like you're nine
years old. Seriously.
- Grow up.
- Mariana?
- Hey, Sally.
- I'm sorry about the election.
I thought you should have won.
Oh, my gosh. Thank you.
Anyway, I'd love for you to be
a part of my administration
as Chair of the Honor Board.
I'd love to.
Wow. Thank you so
much for thinking of me.
Thank you! We'll talk later.
Gotta run.
Being Chair of the
Honor Board is no honor.
You're in charge of punishing students.
But hey, if you're trying to
win an unpopularity contest...
Yeah, just don't expect to get,
like, another date for
the rest of high school.
Okay, Dumb and Dumber,
don't you have remedial
something to get to?
You're not on the visitation list.
All right, well, will
you please tell him
that I'll be back tomorrow?
I'll put in your request.
Thank you.
O, wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied?
What satisfaction canst
thou have tonight?
The exchange of thy
love's faithful vow for mine.
Uh, can we save the
kiss for the performance?
Yeah, that's, that's fine.
Um, okay. Zoey, let's
rehearse the new song.
Matt, your Shakespeare is so good.
Maybe we could get together later
and you could help me with
my iambic pentameter.
Sure.
So, I was thinking, as
director of the play,
I think you should lay
down a no-dating policy
between cast and crew.
You know, to save the
drama for the stage.
Right. Is that what you think then?
- For the good of the play?
- Yes.
No. Mariana, no.
If you can't handle working with Mat,
then we'll just cast Talya as Juliet,
you know, assuming she's
still speaking to me,
- and then you d...
- All right, all right.
Don't get all crazy.
I'm totally fine.
Okay. Good.
Zoey, from the top.
♪ Happily ever after ♪
♪ No, it doesn't exist ♪
♪ It's just a lie ♪
♪ To get you to take the risk ♪
♪ Gotta guard your heart ♪
♪ Oh, I know you
feel he's a perfect fit ♪
♪ But nothing about
this makes sense ♪
Hey.
What's going on?
This is Justina.
She is a Foster care advocate
not a social worker or a cop,
so you can trust her.
Hey, Jack.
So Callie told me what's
been happening in your group home,
and I'd like to help
you if you want me to.
Are they beating you up?
Show her.
They are in serious
violation of their license.
They could potentially get shut down.
But at the very least, I
can get you out of there.
Then where will I go?
Someplace safe. I'll
make sure of it this time.
I can get us an appointment
at social services tomorrow.
You just have to show them your bruises
and tell them what happened.
She won't let them send
you back to juvie.
Okay.
Good. Are you okay
spending one more night there?
- I know how to lay low.
- Okay.
So I'll tell Callie where and when,
and I will see you tomorrow.
Still want to hang out?
Come on.
Sure.
Hey, um, sorry...
what did you mean when you said
you'll make sure he's safe this time?
I thought you had nothing to do with him
getting pulled out of his other home.
Well, I didn't, but
someone did last time,
and I'll make sure it
doesn't happen again this time.
I mean, it's just an expression, Callie.
I'll text you later.
Is Stef upset?
No, she...
she knows it's not true.
Well, good.
I think we should just ignore it,
not dignify it with
any sort of response.
Yeah, that's what Stef thinks too.
Yeah, she's right.
I mean, kids make up
stories about their teachers
and their principals all the time.
When I was in grade
school, we spread this rumor
that our music teacher was having
an affair with his T.A.
Of course in his case it was true
and he ended up divorcing his wife.
But...
Did you send that tweet?
What?
D...
Do you think I would do
something like that?
No.
I... I don't even know why
I said that. I'm sorry.
I'm just a little stressed out.
About this or something else?
Stef.
- I'm sorry.
- No.
She... she...
she needs to have a surgery.
So...
I'm gonna need to
take at least a week off
if that's okay.
Of course.
Is it serious?
Um...
she's... she's gonna be fine.
She's gonna be fine.
I'm so sorry. I didn't, um...
I didn't mean to overstep.
Of course you can take all
the time off you need.
Thank you.
Okay, stop it! I'm gonna throw up!
Not until you man up!
Okay, okay, okay!
I'll do it, I'll do it! Just stop!
You are such an ass.
Someday you're gonna say,
"Thank you, Nick. Because of you,
I have a relationship with my father.
Uh, birth father."
Yeah, we'll see.
You guys want to get out of the car?
0.5.
Having fun yet?
Well, I mean, don't most
places use, like, a computer for this?
Most places aren't stuck in the 1940s.
Speaking of which, where
are all those ghosts?
Hm.
Oh, that's weird. Maybe
they don't like you.
What is not to like?
I agree.
- Wait a minute.
- What?
No, I'm... I'm picking
up on, like, a presence.
It's a little girl.
She's got curls...
a high-pitched voice, and
she's... she's calling me.
I have to... I have to... I have to go.
♪ Animal crackers in my soup ♪
♪ Monkeys and
rabbits loop the loop ♪
♪ Gosh, oh, gee ♪
♪ But I have fun ♪
♪ Swallowing animals one by one ♪
Both: ♪ In every
bowl of soup I see ♪
♪ Lions and Tigers watching me ♪
♪ I make 'em jump right
through a hoop ♪
♪ Those animal crackers in my soup ♪
You are... pretty adorable.
Sorry.
No, it's not that I
don't want to kiss you.
It's just...
it's complicated.
Why?
Well, first of all, I'm older than you.
By a few years. No big deal.
And we're both on the rebound.
I thought you were over your ex.
I am,
but it's pretty clear that
you aren't of yours.
Uh, yeah, you know, go
back there and help
and I'll be back there in a little bit.
Hey!
Nick.
Thought you might not show up today.
Yeah, sorry about that.
I had something after school.
Um, school?
You a senior?
Yeah.
- Um...
- Let's get to work.
Here.
- What's this?
- It's my old belt.
Try it on.
It's not safe to walk
around with tools in your pockets.
Hey, just the girl I wanted to see.
Yeah, right.
No, seriously. I wanted to apologize.
Look, I'm just trying to fit in, okay?
It's hard coming to a
new school junior year.
I was just trying to make a friend
by acting like a
smart-ass and teasing a sister,
'cause I like you
and you intimidate me.
Why?
You're smart. Confident.
I am?
You're just about the most beautiful
girl I've ever seen.
And now that I've made a
complete idiot of myself,
maybe we can go out
sometime, get some fries or something?
Maybe.
Oh, hi.
I'm making spaghetti and
meatballs for dinner.
I hope that's okay.
That's fantastic. Thank you.
Nothing's gonna happen, but
I just want you to know
that whatever
decisions might need to be made,
of course we would... we
would make them together.
About what?
Didn't Stef talk to you about
her power of attorney?
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, good.
Because she said she was gonna
go over to the school at lunch.
I thought I might have
put my foot in my mouth again.
So you're all right with everything?
Not to worry.
Oh, good, because I
don't want there to be
any tension between us.
It's all good.
Thank you for making dinner.
I'm just gonna go wash up.
Take your time.
I got everything under control.
You okay?
I didn't sleep well last night.
Is there anything I can do?
Just need some rest.
Okay.
Why do girls inflict so
much pain on themselves
just to look pretty?
Well, we can't all rock a unibrow.
What? I do not have a unibrow.
Whatever you have to tell yourself.
Wow.
You ever been
curious about our birth dad?
- Why? Are you?
- I don't know.
Do ever think he might
not have been Latino?
No.
Why are you
thinking about our birth dad?
You've never been interested
in knowing anything about him.
I don't know. Nick was asking questions.
Well, you don't have to answer them.
Tell him it's personal.
Yeah, well, speaking of
Nick, I know you hate him, but...
He's not so bad.
Oh.
Well, good, because he just got busted
for doing donuts in
the school parking lot
and he's being sent to
your honor board tomorrow,
so go easy on him, okay?
Sure.
I'll see what I can do.
I told you I needed the
car after school today.
Uh, I don't remember
that, and actually I need it
to get to work after rehearsal.
Well, the car doesn't belong to you.
We all have to share it and you
have it most of the time anyway.
Well, what's so urgent?
Are you gonna go see your
boyfriend in juvie?
He's not my boyfriend and he's probably
not even my friend anymore
and you're supposed
to be moving on, Brandon.
- I am.
- Oh, yeah?
Is that why you're doing Romeo and
Juliet as your senior project?
- What does that mean?
- Can I please just have the keys?
So everyone, this is Nick Stranos.
He was doing donuts in
the school parking lot.
Do you have anything you want to say?
Yes.
It's hard coming to a
new school junior year.
I guess I was trying to make
a friend by showing off,
but all I showed was what an idiot I am.
Now, I like it here.
It is the most
beautiful school I've ever seen
and I am very, very
sorry for my actions.
Well, I think since this
is your first offense,
we can let you off with
a warning. Mariana?
I agree.
As long as he cleans up
the tread marks that he left behind.
Inside are soap and scrub brushes,
and since you're gonna be
spending a lot of time on your knees,
I've included these.
Good job.
Yeah. I can't believe we
framed the whole room in a day.
It's pretty cool.
Yeah. Well, you're a good worker, Nick.
We'll see you tomorrow?
- Yeah.
- All right, bud.
Hey!
I'm... I'm not Nick.
Can...
My name's not Nick.
I'm Jesus...
your son.
And look, I'm sorry I
didn't tell you right away.
I just wanted to get the
chance to know you...
You gotta leave.
Why?
I can't be around you.
Oh, no. You don't have to worry.
It's not like I want anything from you.
No, I can't legally be around you.
Don't come back here again.
Here he is.
What happened to your arm?
They took me to the
hospital. I told the doctors I fell.
Well, did those boys do that to you?
Did they break your arm?
As long as I don't tell,
they're gonna give
me my own room and food
and video games. Anything I want.
And they're gonna protect me now.
- They won't protect you.
- Yes, they will.
I finally have the
power for the first time
since I've been in the system.
I have the power.
Thank you anyway.
Hey, Jack!
Hey, what about the
other kids in the home?
If you protect the people that
let this happen to you,
you're not gaining any power.
You're giving it up for
every kid in Foster care.
I'm really sorry I
pretended to be your friend.
It's okay.
If I let them take me out of this home,
they're just gonna put me in another one
where I won't have any
control, so I'm sorry.
I don't get it.
Some people don't want to be saved.
Everyone wants to be saved.
They just sometimes need permission.
Hey.
Thanks for the kneepads.
Obviously you're off
the hook for those fries.
Although, I know it wasn't
- a serious offer.
- Who says?
I'd still like to take you out sometime.
I'll even let you borrow these.
- Oh, you're disgusting!
- I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Look, I don't know why I
do that around you, okay?
You make me say stupid things.
- Oh, so it's my fault?
- Yes!
Yes, because you really
are so freaking hot.
Fine.
What?
I'll go out with you.
Uh, when?
I don't know.
Text me.
Hey.
What are you doing?
Um, getting my affairs in order.
It's not funny.
Well, I really do think
that we need to update our wills,
and I'd like to
talk to you about Brandon
having access to his hand
money when he turns 18
just in case anything
happens to the both of us.
And there's one more thing
that I would like to discuss with you.
Your power of attorney.
Sharon mentioned it because
she thought you came
to my school yesterday to talk to me.
Mama, I did come by actually,
but you were... you were in your office
alone with Monte with the door closed
so I thought I would just would...
When are we ever gonna get past this?
I'm trying to, Lena.
By giving Sharon your power of attorney?
I did that because I
don't want you to have
to make the decision to pull the plug...
if... if it comes to that.
Or maybe you're afraid I'll pull it
because you're
convinced I'm in love with Monte.
I don't... I don't
think you're in love with her.
But...
What if you...
What if you fall in love with
her because I'm... I'm ugly?
- 'Cause I'm...
- What are you talking about?
Lena, you didn't want me to
get the mastectomy because...
you were worried about our sex life
and our intimacy and I might not like
the way I look, that you might
not like the way I look.
Honey, I said that when you
didn't need the surgery,
when I was trying to talk you out of
doing something that wasn't necessary,
when having it wasn't potentially
going to save your life.
This is different.
The result is the same.
You know, I'm gonna have scars
and I'm gonna have hard,
artificial breasts
that I can't even feel.
I won't have nipples unless
I get them tattooed on.
I won't be beautiful like Monte.
I'm... I just... I won't.
And you know, I don't
care about the surgery.
I'm not afraid of
this, that I don't... I'm...
- I...
- You're not going to lose me.
And what's beautiful about you
is so much more than your body.
It's your heart and soul.
Your mind.
Your laugh.
Your... your
courage and your compassion.
Honey, I love this life that
we've built together.
Our kids.
Our family.
You're my home.
And I'm so sorry
that I said anything that
ever made you feel
like I wouldn't...
wouldn't always find
you attractive and sexy
and beautiful because I will.
I mean, I always will.
I...
I'm scared.
It's okay to be scared.
What can I do for you?
How can I help?
You can...
take me swimming?
- You look like...
- I just walked here.
Yeah, I did.
My sister needed the car.
But it gave me a chance to
think about what you said,
and yes, I am getting over someone,
and sometimes that's easier to do
when someone else comes along, but
that doesn't mean that that person
is the rebound person, okay?
That person can also just be the one.
You know, like when Romeo thought
he was in love with Rosaline,
but he was until he met Juliet.
And then they killed themselves.
Well, yeah, but they
were still meant to be.
So what if it's complicated?
Do you have a... car seat?
Yep.
I don't suppose you're,
like, a nanny, right? Right?
No, I'm a mother.
I have a
two-year-old son.
When I told you things were complicated,
I didn't just mean your side of things.
Well, uh...
I think you should
probably take some time and...
think about how much
complication you can really handle.
Callie Adams Foster...
Okay. You're on the list.
Thank you for seeing me.
AJ won't see any of us.
What do you want me to do?
Give him permission
to have a foster family that loves him
and will take care of
him until you're out of here.
Are you crazy?
How long have you been working with him?
Just a few days.
Okay, but why would he say that
he couldn't be around me legally?
I don't know. Maybe Ana took
out a restraining order against him.
Can everyone
come downstairs please?
Does anybody have any questions?
How long are you
gonna be in the hospital?
Just a few days.
Are you... Will you be okay after?
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Yeah, that's why I'm doing this.
So that, um... make
sure I'm okay for a long time.
- What can we do?
- How can we help?
Um...
well, you can...
you can...
make sure you do your chores and...
and fold your own
laundry, and that would help a lot,
and, um...
I think...
stay close.
That would be great
because I think, um...
you know, being together as a family,
that's probably more
healing than any medicine.
Hey, group hug, huh?
Huh?
All right, my babies.
- Come on.
- What are we doing?
- This is trespassing.
- They're out of town.
What if somebody calls the cops?
- You are a cop.
- Oh, my God, babe.
What?
You asked me to take you swimming.
Okay, we don't have suits, Lena.
Come on.
Who needs suits?
Oh, this is so on.
- All right.
- Okay.
Think you can outdo me?
Last one in is on top tonight. Oh!
Synced and corrected by VitoSilans
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org